I am not ble to open up wht why why why 


I need to speak something so that I can improve my communication

let's see what happens today. I am not sure
 This session is about the computer vision and convolutional network. I am here to gain some knowledge, but also 
 to improve my communicatio. But I don't know how to initiate. I am alone here. 
 
 My day had started with a telephonic interview. It went well. After that I had little headache but I still managed to reach 
 to the devfest conference. I don't see any student here. If there are then I am not able to find it out. There are 
 
 joseph
 
 computer vision and using convulitoinal neural network and successfully applly to some problem
 
 continuation network 
 tensorflow
 CNN
 two things is
 what are cnn
 where does neural network 
 
 examples 
 
 what is computer vision
 enabling computer to create  inferense based on imgae and video inputs
 
 examples:
 image classification
 object detection
 
 You can begin today and be ahead.
 
 what are convolutional network
 what type of layer, 
 what is pooling
 what is convulution in general
 
 machine learning with iamges
 
 processing inages with density connnected
 
 64 by 64
 how many paramteres to sucessfuly optimized -- lot of parameters 
 rgb imagesame process for 3 times
 one for red, blue and green
 how to reduce processing time, model genraliation 
 combine features
 parameters sharing
 how we will combine feartures
 convulution: series of weights
 as that smaller boc goes acrsos the larger matrix within the 
 redece feature size
 
 depth
 edge detection: vertical convolution 
 problem 1
 corner is invovled in only one operation and second, edges are involved in few 
 we might lose some of the signal
 
 solution: padding
 zero padding. 
 solution 2: stride, step size, how big the frame is. row by row. 
 
 what about color: broken up the color and then combine
 
 Pooling:
 how do we go from 64 by 64 down to very small. identifies stong features, looking at different projects and
 identifying for max value within that givne queaderant. 
 
 http://bit.ly/jn-devfestdc18
 model checkpoints from keras
 keras: relu
 
 dc convolutional neural network
 data education dc, data science dc
 
 
 
 