1. When it comes to commitment, I started my professional experience in India on a client site where a World Bank funded project had already crossed the deadline and we were given a new extended deadline. I, with the team members, had worked for extra hours after the normal office time and we had successfully completed the project before the extended deadline. 
2. An organization will definitely grow if it allows its employees to implement whatever knowledge an employee it has as well as learn new skills. Many 
5. When it comes to trust, I also believe that if all the team members put their best effort then there is no way that it will fail. Sometimes, there are situations like if someone wants promotion then he or she may not help others, but I am totally against this thought. I always try to improve and give my best. 
6. While working part-time during my master's degree, I have taken several initiatives like how to stop doing a repetitive task, how to remove duplicates from the Salesforce CRM, etc. and presented it to the supervisor. To complete the task I did require help from the supervisor but my supervisor was very satisfied because of the initiatives. 
7. It's very good that you don't have any rigid structure. I would thrive more in such kind of environment. During my Master's, I did projects in the group as well as an individual. But when I carefully do analysis, I find that I was able to give my best in the individual projects because of the freedom of taking decisions and implementing it. 




When it comes to commitment, I started my professional experience in India on a client site where a World Bank funded project had already crossed the deadline and we were given a new extended deadline. I, with the team members, had worked for extra hours after the normal office time and we had successfully completed the project before the extended deadline. So I can say that I will live up to your commitment. An organization will definitely grow if it allows its employees to implement whatever knowledge an employee it has as well as learn new skills. When it comes to trust, I also believe that if all the team members put their best effort then there is no way that it will fail. Sometimes, there are situations like if someone wants promotion then he or she may not help others, but I am totally against this thought. I always try to improve and give my best. 

While working part-time during my master's degree, I have taken several initiatives like how to stop doing a repetitive task, how to remove duplicates from the Salesforce CRM, etc. and presented it to the supervisor. To complete the task I did require help from the supervisor but my supervisor was very satisfied because of the initiatives. It's very good that you don't have any rigid structure. I would thrive more in such kind of environment. During my Master's, I did projects in the group as well as an individual. But when I carefully do analysis, I find that I was able to give my best in the individual projects because of the freedom of taking decisions and implementing it. 

Thank you for providing me the opportunity to present myself. You can contact me at 3015498718 or vishalbahedia@gwmail.gwu.edu for future communications. Looking forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,
Vishal